# CS-370-Current-and-Emerging-Trends-in-CS

For this project, I was given the task of designing an intelligent agent for a treasure hunt game using methods in artifical intelligence. Because the goal of the pirate agent is to find its way through a maze, this assignment is considered a pathfinding problem. e were provided with code that defined the maze portion and the game experience. The TreasureMaze.py file defined the environment inclusive of cells, agent position, state, valid actions, and more. The GameExperience.py file stores episodes, states, and predicts next actions. I was tasked with creating a deep Q-learning algorithm to train the pirate agent, as seen in the IPYNB file.

Computer scientists help to uncover new feats in history and technical evolution through collaborative programming and algorithms. This work is important, as we can continue to build systems that may be able to benefit larger populations rather than just businesses. Advancements in medical technology, transportation, and many more day to day fields have benefited from the work that computer scientists complete daily. As a computer scientist, I approach problems with an eye for detail and a mind keen on understanding the root problem. This not only helps me to provide the best solutions at my disposal, but it also helps me to consider any ethical concerns that could arise due to the issue at hand. Computer scientists have an ethical responsibility to end users and organizations that protects both parties from digital misuse, lack of transparency, and potentially dangerous circumstances due to poor policy.
